Hello everyone welcome to the section 13 challenge.
Congratulations on finishing up this section.
This section was long and had a lot of information some of it pretty easy some of it not so easy.
So now we're at the challenge and we want to do here is we want to apply some of the things that we've
learned.
Obviously we're not going to do everything that we've learned.
And one challenge project that would make it a very complex project.
But we want to model some objects we want to model other objects in terms of those objects.
We want to be about call methods and break up our program into separate files so that we can manage
it easily.
So let's talk about the challenge for this challenge.
We're going to develop the foundation for a program from movie fanatics and what we want to do is they
want to keep track of the movies they've watched and how many times they've watched each movie.
So the program has to support the following.
We're going to have a class called Movie Now this model's a single movie which includes the movie's
name the movie's rating and how many times we've watched the movie.
Of course we can add fields to this like the rating you rating for the movie.
So we're like one two three four five depending on how much you like it.
Also a note maybe a little comment area that you could type information about the movie.
All kinds of information maybe.
Who the leading star of the movie is and so forth.
You get the idea but at a minimum this is what we're going to do.
Just the movie's name the movie's rating which would be GBG P.G. 13 or are and how many have watched
the movie.
We're also going to model a collection of movies and that's what the movie's class does.
I notice this is plural because it's modeling a collection of movie objects.
We're going to model it with a vector.
Now obviously the movie's class needs to know about the movie since it is a collection of movie objects.
However our main driver should only interact with the movie's class.
So it's going to create a movie's object and work with that.
So here's a simple example of what Maine could do.
So we're going to create movies object then I'm going to ask that movies object to add a movie by providing
the movie's name the rating and the watch count.
I could ask the movies object to increment the watch count for a specific movie given its name and I
could also ask the movie's objects to display all the movies that it has.
Now obviously the movie's class has a bunch of movies in it.
So in that case it could just as each movie had to spoil yourself despite yourself despite yourself
and that's kind of what we're going to do.
Now additionally we need to have a little bit of logic here so that we don't have duplicate movies.
So if we try to add a movie whose name is already in the movie's collection we should display an error
to the user.
And if we try to increment the watch to count for a movie whose name is not in the movie collection
we should also this planar to the is freak.
I've created a basic shell and that basic shell is right here in the section 13 challenge project movie
and Main have been fully implemented for you with hametz movies has not.
So the idea here is that you would go into the movies that see and in the movies dark age and I'll talk
about the structure in a second and implement those.
Now the shell is there so the Stubb's are all there.
Just look for the places where I write you implement this.
The other option is don't use any of my stuff do it yourself just go based on this description as well
as the main because the main the main gives you a little bit of insight into the structure and then
implement movie C-p movies.
C.P the H falls all that stuff yourself depending on how comfortable you feel with C++ right now if
you're a beginner.
Just start out with the show that I'm giving if you feel more comfortable and you've a little bit more
advanced then just try it on your own.
OK so how are we going to structure a project.
Well we're going to have different files we want to be able to separate our files.
So this is what it's going to look like we're going to have movie Die age that's an include file that
has the specification for a movie class.
And again remember a movie is a model of a single movie.
Then we've got movie CBP which is our implementation just like we've seen before.
I've got movies that age which is our include file for the movies class specification and then movies
that C.P is the implementation.
And then finally we have a main TPP that just has the main driver that creates the movie's object and
adds movies to it increments counts and displays.
OK.
So again this program might sound simple it's not.
It's not trivial for sure.
It's definitely not trivial if you try to get 100 percent on your own but it's a fun project to do and
that will really help you with the coding.
Now what I want to do is I want to show you the main and I've included the main down here in the description
but I'm going to show it to you in the source code.
It's the same thing.
And I'm going to show you the main for the challenge solution here.
So I'm going to double click on that main C.P. file and you can see that there is to help or functions
that I've already written and the function prototypes here.
And the reason I wrote those is because when I asked the movie's object to add a movie and that movie
is already there I need to display an error message right.
So I have all that if else logic.
So if the movie is not there at it if it is give me an error message that kind of thing.
So I wanted to wrap that up in a helper function so that my main looks really nice like this just add
movie rather than have all that else print up logic all in the main which kind of gets really ugly and
hard to follow.
So but let's walk through this really quickly here.
Here's my main and I'm going to create a movies object that's the collection and then I'm going to ask
that movie's object to display its movies.
Obviously there are no movies in there now so it should display something like No movies or have no
movies yet or something something meaningful.
Then what I want to do is I want to call add movie now and movies this helper function that I created
right here and to see the comment right here.
So I'm going to call add movie I'm going to pass in my movies right as a reference.
I'm going to pass in the information for the movie.
So in this case I want to add big which is the movie's name P.G. 13 and I've watched it twice.
At that point this function here gets called and notice what it's doing it's asking the movies object
to add the movie.
And so at this point it's really delegating that behavior to the movies object.
And again the only reason this function is here right here is to help us with that error checking so
we don't clutter up all the Mankad that's it.
Now we're going to add another movie star wars now going to add a third movie Cinderella.
So if I run this at this point this is what I've got.
You can see movies over so we can kind of line them up.
Here's my movies and I'm going to say display the movies and it's going to say sorry no movies to display.
Now I'm going to add a movie at a movie and add a movie.
And this is going to say big added Star Wars added Cinderella added.
And that message is coming right from here.
OK so now I want to display the movies.
So what I can do is I just come at this line out we'll take it one step at a time but we will really
understand what's going on.
Someone asked them my movies objects to display itself.
Well it's going to loop through its collection and print out all the movie objects that it has.
So in this case we've had a big Star Wars in Cinderella.
So that's what I expect to print out.
So let's run this.
And here you see again that we added Big Star Wars and Cinderella like before now when we call the display
method of the my movies class this is what I'm going to get.
Big Star Wars and Cinderella.
It's going to print out those three movies.
OK.
So it's really simple as that.
And let's just add a couple of more here and display those two.
Now this is a little bit different now because I'm adding my movie and I'm adding Cinderella while I've
already added Cinderella.
So I expect this to tell me sorry it already exists.
Then I want to add ice age which should be OK.
And then I want to print those out again.
I should only see Cinderella once right if I see Cinderella twice.
Then there's something wrong with my code.
So let's run this and you can see here big added Star Wars added Cinderella added just like we did before.
We're just playing those three movies now.
Cinderella already exists so we didn't get it again.
We did at Ice Age and now when we display all four of the movies now that's what we expect we don't
expect to see Cinderella twice.
OK.
So couple more things.
We can't obviously when we watch a movie again and this doesn't store this information on disk or on
file or anything what gives while that stuff later.
But right now it's just keeping it all in memory.
So in this case I'm going to say increment watched my movie.
So what I'm saying here is I want to increment the watch count for big and I want to incrementally watch
out for ice age.
You remember the watch out for big two and four ice age was 12.
So now when I display my movies I would expect to see three and 13 right.
So let's try that out.
So big was to Ice Age was 12.
Now biggest three ice age is 13 just like what we expect.
And now the last test case here and this is by no means a lot of test cases but it's enough to get you
started.
Now what I want to do is I want to increment the number of times that I've watched this movie called
X X X and that could be anything.
So long as it's not in the collection.
Obviously it's not in the collection so I can't imagine I can't increment it right makes no sense.
So I would expect some sign of some sort of error message there.
So let's run this one last time.
And what we get is that last statement X X X not found so obviously there's no movie called x x x so
I could not have it incremented the watch out for it.
OK so that's a simple run you get the idea.
Notice there's no user menu where you can say select one to add a movie select two to delete a movie.
We could certainly add that later but we need to get this part working first.
So now let's take a look at the movie h file which is our Hetter and there it is right here.
This model is a movie with the following attributes.
And you can see I've already implemented this.
I've got a name a radio and a watch which has strings and integers.
I've got a constructor that expects all three of those attributes.
I've got a copy constructor that were just empty.
I've got a destructor again that's empty that we're not using any raw pointers so we really don't need
these.
And then I've implemented the basic getters and setters set name get name and so forth.
Notice that these are Konst correct.
So my get names are all Konst my get functions I should say are all Konst as well as my display.
So I don't want my display modifying anything so I may make that a Konst method.
That's it.
Now let's look at movies.
Which is the implementation.
And you can see here I'm implementing the constructor as an initializer list.
Here's my copy constructor which is simply delegating to the constructor.
I could have simply used the default that I get for free from the compiler but I decided to implement
that explicitly.
So again just to get a little bit more practice my destructor is here doesn't do anything.
And here is the display method to display method just displays the name the rating and the watched for
each one of those objects.
That's it.
Now let's take a look at movies that age here's the specification for my movies class.
And again movies is a collection of movie objects and there is my vector.
I have a constructor I have a destructor.
I have the add movie method which you have to implement and I have the increment watched method which
you have to implement as well as the display method.
So if we look at DCP files those are all in there right.
I have no code in my constructor right now a default constructor.
I've got no code in my destructor and there is my ADD movie right now which is returning false.
You need to implement the logic in this method.
And is my increment watched which again returns false.
And then finally we have the display method which displays those objects.
Obviously you all you want to do here just loop through that collection and display each movie object
and remember each movie knows how to display itself.
So just call that movie objects dot display method OK.
So here take your time try to understand the logic.
If you have any questions let me know.
And good luck with this when you're done take out.
Check out the challenge solution.
Obviously if you're doing this from scratch my solution is going to be different from yours.
But good luck with it and most of all have fun.